README.md, before:

# Flutter Challenges

A list of Flutter Challenges.

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/danicoy" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

### Rotating Shining Card Demo
This is a sample web app built with Flutter Web, demonstrating a rotating Pokemon card with a shine effect on mouse hover. It's a simple and fun way to showcase your favorite Pokemon and add some interactivity to your website.

[Rotating Shining Card Demo repo](https://github.com/monster555/shining_card)

<img src="https://github.com/monster555/shining_card/blob/main/rotating shining card demo.gif" alt="Pokemon card rotation demo">

### Flutter Zoom Swiper
Welcome to the Flutter Zoom Swiper Challenge! This repository showcases a unique Flutter ZoomSwiper that provides an engaging and dynamic user experience through a zoom effect animation as you scroll.

[Flutter Zoom Swiper Demo repo](https://github.com/monster555/flutter_zoom_swiper)

https://github.com/monster555/flutter_challenges/assets/32662133/d1f58321-40c0-4da3-a406-afc6ee0b97df

## Contribution Guidelines

If you'd like to contribute to a specific challenge in this repository by adding your own improvements or variations, follow these guidelines:

1. Click on the link to the challenge's repository.

2. Clone the challenge repository to your local machine.

3. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive commit messages.

4. Push your changes to your forked repository for the specific challenge.

5. Create a pull request (PR) from your repository to the challenge repository's main branch.

6. Provide a clear description of your contribution in the PR.

## Contact

If you have any questions or suggestions about a specific challenge, feel free to reach out to me at danicoy@gamil.com, and you can also take a look at my portfolio at https://portfolio.dctech.dev or https://facefolio.dctech.dev.

Happy Flutter coding!

Commit message:

Add License to README.md

README.md, after:

# Flutter Challenges

A list of Flutter Challenges.

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/danicoy" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

### Rotating Shining Card Demo
This is a sample web app built with Flutter Web, demonstrating a rotating Pokemon card with a shine effect on mouse hover. It's a simple and fun way to showcase your favorite Pokemon and add some interactivity to your website.

[Rotating Shining Card Demo repo](https://github.com/monster555/shining_card)

<img src="https://github.com/monster555/shining_card/blob/main/rotating shining card demo.gif" alt="Pokemon card rotation demo">

### Flutter Zoom Swiper
Welcome to the Flutter Zoom Swiper Challenge! This repository showcases a unique Flutter ZoomSwiper that provides an engaging and dynamic user experience through a zoom effect animation as you scroll.

[Flutter Zoom Swiper Demo repo](https://github.com/monster555/flutter_zoom_swiper)

https://github.com/monster555/flutter_challenges/assets/32662133/d1f58321-40c0-4da3-a406-afc6ee0b97df

## Contribution Guidelines

If you'd like to contribute to a specific challenge in this repository by adding your own improvements or variations, follow these guidelines:

1. Click on the link to the challenge's repository.

2. Clone the challenge repository to your local machine.

3. Make your changes and commit them with descriptive commit messages.

4. Push your changes to your forked repository for the specific challenge.

5. Create a pull request (PR) from your repository to the challenge repository's main branch.

6. Provide a clear description of your contribution in the PR.

7. ## License

This repository is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact

If you have any questions or suggestions about a specific challenge, feel free to reach out to me at danicoy@gamil.com, and you can also take a look at my portfolio at https://portfolio.dctech.dev or https://facefolio.dctech.dev.

Happy Flutter coding!
